I think you are rebellious. Just start typing what's inside. Second uncle,
Are you old?
You forget that here is another kind of self,
It hurts a lot, and my eyes are filled with tears.
The weather for his ear surgery
It's very depressing of history. You're showing off.
There's an old man who doesn't know how to look in his eyes
You lied to me
you won't forgive you
There is only less tacit understanding
sad moment person
all this is
Why don't you die?
I seem to be your relative
you can't do this to me
I'm just a first-time person who knows
It’s better to wait for people to die, let’s go to history.
No one can do it or not
Could it be that no one is in my hands?
Don't you dare touch me
I'm going to break the video and hand it over to the media.
My father was so pissed off by the video that he almost died
If it’s because of your personal video
The company has already gone down. It doesn’t need to go down. Your donation will always be expensive.
Will I still care about you?
every smart person
I know it's all your fault
As long as you try to let me go
I promise the video won't be kept until your death
I will always be manipulated by him
Come and take over